# Dataset Asset
Please refer to [DATA_STRUCTURE.md](./DATA_STRUCTURE.md) for the organization of dataset and mapping between file names and dataset asset. 
### 1. Raw Images
Raw images are directly captured from 40 (v1) to 160(v2) multi-view cameras at the rate of 30 fps. We release raw images at the resolution of 2048 × 1334. Raw images can be used as ground truth to compute the screen loss with predicted rendered images from the model during model training.

### 2. Unwrapped Textures
Unwrapped textures are provided at resolution of 1024 × 1024, and are generated by unwrapping the raw images from the geometry. We wrap each mesh triangle to the corresponding UV texture triangle using barycentric interpolation. Each camera and each frame has its unique view-dependent unwrapped texture.

### 3. Tracked Meshes 
Meshes are tracked per frame and stored in .obj format. Each mesh consists of 7,306 vertices, with no vertices inside eyes or mouth. The meshes share the same topology. By projecting with the provided camera calibrations and headposes, meshes can be aligned with raw images.

### 4. Headpose 
A headpose is a 3 × 4 matrix consisting of rotation and translation that represents the rigid body transformation of the head mesh at each frame.

### 5. Audio
While most captured expressions are silent, each participant was asked to read 50 phonetically balanced sentences. We provide audio data for these 50 sentences of each participant.
### 6. Metadata
The following metada is provided as well:
* <b>camera calibrations:</b> we provide each camera’s intrinsic and extrinsic matrix.
* <b>frame list:</b>  a list of all frames captured by Mugsy, each line consists of segment name and frame index.
* <b>texture mean:</b>  the mean of the textures across all frames and all cameras.
* <b>texture variance:</b>  the variance of the textures across all frames and all cameras.
* <b>vertex mean:</b>  the mean of the vertices of the meshes across all frames and all cameras.
* <b>vertex variance:</b>  the variance of the vertices of the meshes
